Kiosk SDK V2 Docs (#13571)
MystenLabs/sui: sdk/docs/pages/kiosk/kiosk-client/transfer-policy-transaction/introduction.mdx

# `TransferPolicyTransaction`

> `TransferPolicyTransaction` is the client to build transactions that involves transfer policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TransferPolicyTransaction` is the client to build transactions that involve transfer policy
```

management. It's used similar to `KioskTransaction`, and helps in crafting transactions to manage a
transfer policy.

You need to instatiate it once in every Programmable Transaction Block (PTB) that you're building.

Similar to `KioskTransaction`, you can either create a new transfer policy, or use an existing one.

> ## Using an existing Transfer Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using an existing transfer policy
```

If you have already retrieved a transfer policy from `kioskClient.getOwnedTransferPolicies()`, or
`kioskClient.getOwnedTransferPoliciesByType()`, you can pass a `TransferPolicyCap` result when
instatiating.

```typescript

> // initiliazed somewhere in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Initiliazed somewhere in the app.
```

const kioskClient = new KioskClient({...});

> // We could have more than 1 caps, since we can create more than 1 transfer policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You could have more than one cap, since we can create more than one transfer policy.
```

const heroPolicyCaps = await kioskClient.getOwnedTransferPoliciesByType({
    type: `${packageId}::hero::Hero`,
    address: '0xConnectedAddress',
});

const txb = new TransactionBlock();

> // We can choose to use any of the caps we have. Let's use the first one for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can choose to use any of the caps you have. For this example, use the first one.
```

const tpTx = new TransferPolicyTransaction({ kioskClient, transactionBlock: txb, cap: heroPolicyCaps[0] });

> // A demonstration of us using all the available rule add/remove functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// A demonstration of using all the available rule add/remove functions.
```

> // We can chain these commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can chain these commands.
```

tpTx
    .addFloorPriceRule(10n)
    .addLockRule()
    .addRoyaltyRule(percentageToBasisPoints(10), 0)
    .addPersonalKioskRule()
    // .removeFloorPriceRule()
    // .removeLockRule()
    // .removeRoyaltyRule()
    // .removePersonalKioskRule()

> // sign and execute transaction block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Sign and execute transaction block.
```

await signAndExecuteTransactionBlock({tx: txb});
```

> ## Creating a new Transfer Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a new transfer policy
```

If you don't have an existing transfer policy, you can create a new one. You can also attach rules
in the same PTB.

```typescript
const publisher = '0xPackagePublisherObject';
const txb = new TransactionBlock();

const tpTx = new TransferPolicyTransaction({ kioskClient, transactionBlock: txb });

> // We are making an async call here, as the SDK protects from accidently creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This is an async call, as the SDK protects from accidentally creating
```

> // a second Transfer Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// a second transfer policy.
```

> // You can skip this check by passing `skipCheck: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can skip this check by passing `skipCheck: true`.
```

await tpTx.create({
	type: `${heroPackageId}::hero::Hero`,
	publisher,
});

tpTx
	.addLockRule()
	.addFloorPriceRule(1000n)
	.addRoyaltyRule(percentageToBasisPoints(10), 100)
	.addPersonalKioskRule()
	// Transfers the `TransferPolicyCap` to the user and shares the transfer policy.
	.shareAndTransferCap('address_to_transfer_cap_to');

> // sign and execute transaction block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Sign and execute transaction block.
```
